How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	Only viewing the differences allows you to ignore everything not relevant to the changes, and because it displays both, you can easily compare old/new code

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	No longer being as concerned with getting rid of sections of code, or how you may have done something before, as you can just look to reference the older code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	The saves are (ideally) broken up into sections that make sense in the context of the code. You wouldn't want saves to happen in the middle of a partially functional method.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Repositories of code are cohesive unlike a directory full of unrelated files. All the files are effectively one "program", so a change could span multiple files, such as adding an argument to a method in one file, and calling the method in another

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	You use git log to view the various commits to a repo, when you have found the two that you want to compare, you copy the IDs as the arguments for a git diff operation and it will display the changes made to the initial file.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	You can always go back to find out where/how something you have changed was broken. If you break your code you can always go back to where it wasn't broken.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	Well, finishing this course would be good. Planning to try and use git and sublime to go through some other coding courses/books to get used to them while improving my skills.